Add more context to README (#5)
lotus-web3/deal-bounty-contract: README.md

### Deal Bounty Contract Modular Breakdown

The deal bounty contract consists of four conceptual steps:

Step   |   Who   |    What is happening  |   Why 
--- | --- | --- | ---

> Deploy | contract owner   | contract owner deploys address is owner who can call addCID  | create contract setting up rules to follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy | contract owner   | address that deployed contracts is the owner of the contract, and the individual that can call addCID  | create a contract and setting up rules to follow
```

> AddCID | data pinners     | set up cids that the contract will incentivize in deals      | add request for a deal in the filecoin network, "store data" function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AddCID | data pinners     | set up data cids that the contract will incentivize in deals      | add request for a deal in the filecoin network, "store data" function
```

> Fund   | contract funders |  add FIL to the contract to later by paid out by deal        | ensure the deal actually gets stored by providing funds for bounty hunter and (indirect) storage provider

Reviewer: ### 
```suggestion
Fund   | contract funders |  add FIL to the contract to later pay out deals        | ensure the deal actually gets stored by providing funds for bounty hunter and (indirect) storage provider
```
